hey guys love is auntie and I thought
I'd bring you the part two of the second
part whatever of the effect is in cinema
4d now I did say that I was going to do
these in order but I've decided against
that because as the first few are pretty
like simple and stuff so I'm just going
to go through the ones i think a nice
and dumb and will kind of get you
somewhere i guess so yeah that's I guess
that's my strategy from now on I'm not
going to do the same with the demons I'm
going to do that the same in order um so
yeah so well today I'm not killed I'm
gonna do the explosion so I'm just got
mail anyway so i'll start by adding an
object and i have the explosion effects
but i'll drag the explosion FX onto the
cube now I'll just drag the cool more
Jesus I'll just change the like I'm this
big these are these these kind of line
those those border things there I really
like them there have been annoying so
i'll just send to that and drag it up a
bit now basically what this does it it
it makes all of the sofa turn strength
up also at the time by ok ok so it's 40
anyway so you'll see here that basically
it's just getting um like gravity on it
I guess I'm being do a lot cooler stuff
with it so i'll actually drag it up then
i'll drag the the cube down and you'll
see what happens now so with the cube
you want to put the segments maybe 5050
actually actually okay 50s could leave
on 50 so then any explosion affects the
time is basically the strength except
that it's just where the green bar is so
you can see this little dot here moving
so if i drag this out BAM see that
that's a that's some it's very nice
isn't yeah i think so too ah what
so you'll see that all these little
pieces come up I might change this to 20
then if we put the time up it doesn't
look so much like its circles protruding
it more just looks like it's breaking up
you can also change the effects sighs so
if you just drag that out words then it
looks like the whole world's now to look
like the whole cube kind of explodes or
whatever just kind of gives them more
generic effect and you'll see that so it
is having dynamics but you can see that
it kind of looks like a a transformers
cube or something and it looks really
this looks really nice wrecker well
that's a weird way to put it on but yet
um just gives a nice kind of the cyber
all right it looks a lot like
transformers I guess that's the best way
to put it so you can prob do a lot of
this you could this has a lot of
potential you could transform it into
staff there's a bunch of yeah so the
gravity if you change okay so just
change that just have a look at my
screen on I'm not going to say because I
really don't know what does but anyway
so you'll see here as more little cubes
and stuff and it looks really futuristic
I guess or something like that and
there's a bunch of different settings
for this or that looks it looks nice but
yet no I don't really know what many of
them do I've that that's I guess that's
the basics of it um like what just shows
you how to do it um but yes I mean I
hope you guys enjoy that that was pretty
quick and it was a pretty I mean I guess
it's pretty self-explanatory so all of
these affect I gotta keep doing it all
of these effectors are basically just
put as a child the mesh
it was a bit different same with the FFD
I'll do separate ones on them but
basically everything is just a child so
the camera as well and the polygon
reduction don't think of a few other
ones yeah there's a few other ones but
it's pretty easy to use you can just do
it yourself if you want in this video
it's probably just because you were
loved my voice um but yeah so um I guess
at the end but also just remember to
subscribe a bit like watch my demons
video is my other videos and all that
stuff and my subscribers are getting
more views and subscribers and and I
don't know that doesn't really make
sense unless some of you were watching
it like two or three times or something
but just tell everyone about me I guess
if i've helped you please message me if
you need any help because i will be
happy just to make a video for you
because you're so special um but yeah
i'm also still working on a real flow
video I'll so the render whatever so
just you stay tuned for that that will
be coming out soon it's it'll be a big
disappointment for you because I give
the leading all this stuff because I'm
just not happy with it and yeah
basically alright so I've just been
randomly on a bit also just wanted to
say that when you hold alt or option
wherever you click so you can see that
little that little gold cross here where
my mouse is if you select an object
that's kind of the pivot point if i
select over here oh no that does not
very but say I had a plane and I
selected over here and that's why
sometimes you get those really weird
turns but yeah so so select here that'll
be the pivot point oh yeah that that's
basically also see you guys next time
and do all that stuff to support me and
whatnot and see you guys later enjoy